Replit’s plan is headed in the right direction (it correctly calls out the four symptoms), but the root-cause guesses are off in a couple places, and one of the suggested fixes (“turn up volumetric nebula”) is the exact kind of thing that will tank phones.

Here’s how I’d approach it (and what I’d tell Replit to change).

What Replit got right

Phantom center “system star” is real and confusing. Your brain reads it as “a person star,” and it blocks the “James + Lisa are the center” mental model.

Box/rect clipping is almost always “sprite/plane alpha never reaches 0 at the texture edge.”

Hard-to-click stars is real UX pain.

Nebula doesn’t feel like you’re inside it (it reads like a background layer, not an environment).

Where the plan likely misses the real causes (based on your current GalaxyView style)
1) “Hard to click stars” is often caused by a big invisible household hitbox eating clicks

In your current architecture, you typically have:

A large invisible sphere used to make household selection easy

Smaller star hitboxes inside the household/system

If the large sphere is active even in system view, raycasting will hit it first and you’ll never reach James/Lisa’s star hitboxes reliably.

Fix is not only “increase star hitbox.”
Fix is: disable the household hitbox when you’re zoomed into system view, then optionally enlarge star hitboxes.

2) The “box” is probably from the nebula texture itself, not a shader math issue

If you’re using sprites with generated textures, a “box” shows up when the alpha at the edges is not guaranteed to be 0.

So instead of adding UV edge fades to random shaders everywhere, do the robust fix:

Guarantee alpha = 0 near the outer edge in the nebula texture generation (or use a circular falloff mask).

That kills the box everywhere at once.

3) “Make nebula more immersive” should not mean “increase volumetric volume”

On phones, volumetrics are the first thing to die.

You can get “in the cloud” feel with cheap tricks:

brighter fog color

more/larger translucent sprites

a slow moving screen-space gradient/noise overlay

slight camera-relative parallax

Those feel immersive and stay fast.

The plan I’d give Replit (corrected and mobile-safe)
T001 — Remove the “phantom system star” without losing system identity

Instead of rendering a 3rd star at the household center:

keep James + Lisa as the only “center stars”

show system classification via HUD label + subtle ring/halo (not a star)

Why: you still communicate “system class” without confusing people selection.

T002 — Fix the box edge at the source (texture/sprite fade)

If you generate nebula textures, add a guaranteed outer-edge fade:

// after you compute dist in 0..sqrt(2) space:
const edgeStart = 0.85;
const edgeEnd = 1.0;
const t = Math.min(1, Math.max(0, (edgeEnd - dist) / (edgeEnd - edgeStart)));
const edge = t * t * (3 - 2 * t); // smoothstep
alpha *= edge;

If you’re not generating textures, use a circular alpha mask texture for star/nebula sprites.

Acceptance: no visible square edges at any zoom level.

T003 — Fix clickability the correct way (hitbox priority + mobile picking)

Disable household hitbox raycast in system view

Increase star hitbox minimum radius (not just proportional)

Optionally implement screen-space nearest-star selection on tap (this is gold on mobile)

If you want the simple immediate fix:

household hitbox off in system view

stars hitbox min radius

Example idea in JSX:

<mesh
  visible={false}
  raycast={isSystemView ? () => null : undefined}
  onClick={isSystemView ? undefined : onClick}
/>

Acceptance: James/Lisa are easy to tap/click every time.

T004 — “In the cloud” feel using cheap layers (no heavy volumetrics)

Do this in galaxy view:

raise fog brightness slightly (don’t keep it near-black)

add 1–2 huge soft sprites/gradients behind everything

increase nebula sprite opacity a bit, but keep it subtle per layer

add slow UV drift (feels alive)

Avoid: “turn volumetric up to 0.9 opacity.” That will murder phones.

T005 — Make the “light trail” fade naturally

If you have spikes/trails that look too defined:

make alpha falloff exponential and clamp hard to 0 at outer radius

reduce core brightness so it doesn’t look like a flashlight beam

Acceptance: trails fade out smoothly, no hard edges.

T006 — Add a Quality Tier gate (so it stays fast on bad devices)

Low tier: no postprocessing, fewer sprites, DPR clamp to 1.0

Medium: modest sprites, limited effects on hover only

High: optional extra polish

Acceptance: stable FPS on phones + weak laptops.

The single biggest “aha” to tell Replit

If you can only send them one thing:

“Don’t just enlarge star hitboxes—disable the household hitbox when zoomed into a system, because it’s probably intercepting all clicks.”

That one change usually fixes the “can’t click James/Lisa” problem immediately.