All right, I think this is a good stopping point for working on the galaxy map. I think we really need to focus a lot more on a full eval of the entire app, go through and do an entire evaluation of the app, and let's make sure everything's working. There's some things I do notice, like, for example, in the galaxy map, the bottom right, there's some overlapping elements. That little map that kind of shows where you're at is overlapping. In fact, I think we should get rid of that little map for now, at least. I don't think it's necessary. Anyway, there's a couple other things, so like if I click on, let's zoom in here. Oh, the system overview, the system view is not accurate as well. There is a attached screenshot for that. The lines coming from the children going into this, the parent's circle, those need to stay on the outside edge and continually float around that ring as a user moves. So definitely check out outside of that. If I click on a star, it looks good. Looks good. If I go to the list view and I click on somebody in the list view. to change details or anything. There's a couple of visual issues where you can't read some stuff, like the upload photo button, you can't hardly read, so we need to check those things. The second screenshot references that. The save button, so if I go to my profile and I click Paul Nash, click edit profile, same thing, upload photo is messed up. If I go to this customize star and I try to change anything and then update person, it just continually says saving. It doesn't actually save or do anything different. Other thing too that we need to do is the sign your star section needs a complete overhaul. Remember, we had had a conversation previously about this where I wanted it to be significantly more simple, comparably to No Man's Sky stars. You have plenty of references for that. We need to really work on the stars, so add that to the list of things that need to be done. So good. So, need to maybe possibly generate some test data to fill out the rest of the app, just to see how it looks. So, we need to come up with a phase plan for all of this.