So, in my family, there is myself, my name is Paul Nash. My parents are Nancy and Randy Nash. They have six children. There's Angela Goldsberry. She is the oldest. There is James, Jonathan, Andrew, Matthew, and then myself. We are all adults. My parents are in their 60s. My sister's in her 40s. James and Jonathan are in their 40s. Andrew is 39 or something like that. I'm Matthew and I are twins, and we are 31. Now, Angela has three kids. Martin Folker. He has no children. He is 23. Next is Ava. She is, whatever, dude, doesn't matter. I forgot you were here. She is 22, and then there's Nash. She is, he is 19. That's Angela's kids. She's married to Brian Goldsbury. Next is James. He's married to Lisa Nash. Lisa is just a little younger than James. Late 30s, I think. Maybe early 40s. And you can kind of fill in the gaps here just for the set data, but I want this to be a little bit more realistic here. They have four kids. Mason, Harvey, Vivian, and Ethan. Mason is 12 or 13. I think he's 12. Yeah. Harvey's 11, 10 or 11. Ethan is Ethan's like, or Vivian is like 8. Ethan is like 6. As far as birthdays and stuff, you can just fill those in, those gaps in as well, as needed. And you're more than welcome to give fake allergies and fake, you know, fill in the gaps for randomized the data for like people's allergies and food intolerances and things like that. Next is Jonathan. We're going to say Jonathan doesn't have any children. He does, but she got adopted, so she's not really in the family. He's married to Nicole, so Jonathan Nicole Nash. She is also close to Jonathan's age. She's like 40. Next is Andrew, and Andrew has two kids. He's not married. His oldest is Emmett, so Emmett Nash, and he is 13 or 14. And Ella is like 12, Ella Nash. Next is Matthew. His wife is Megan Nash, and she's 32. They don't have any kids. Then there is me, and then I'm single in this instance. And that's our immediate family. My dad has a brother and a recently deceased sister. My dad is the oldest. His sister was the middle child. Her name is Karen Humphert. And Karen has a son, Josh, and then Josh has a son, Little Josh. Little Josh is like 18, and Big Josh is in his 40s. And then there is my dad's brother, so Randy's brother, Craig Nash, and his wife Annie Nash, and their daughter Madison. Madison is also 18 or 19. Craig and Annie are, Annie's in her late 30s, Craig's in his late 40s. Maybe early 50s. There's my grandma Sandra, Sandra Nash. She is still alive. She's in her 80s. She had a husband who's deceased. And then my, that's my dad's mom. My other grandma is Grandma Pitsenberger, so that's my mom's mom, and her dad. I forget their names. It's awful. They're both dead. So, let's start there.