Yes, I mean, that's not awful. It definitely needs some improvement here. The, I mean, you should also feel like you're kind of in the cloud, I guess. It doesn't feel like that. So I don't, I definitely need to work on it some more still, I think. One thing I'm noticing is that the systems now still have this like box around them. I don't like the light thing that's happening with the systems. I think that we need to get rid of that. So I think the major difference is that we don't have planets in, in our app, which is totally fine. I think that it should just be, you know, adult stars and then children stars around them, right? If the adult stars are two parents, they need to be, you know, close together with the children stars around them, which is already, I think, happening. Let's see. Oh, and something else I'm noticing is that I can't click on the stars, or it's really hard to click on the stars. Yeah, so there's Harvey, Emlyn, James and Lisa Nash. There's Vivian, Ethan, Mason, Harvey. But there's two stars in the middle I'm assuming are James and Lisa, but then there's a third star in the middle, like very center. I could get a screenshot of that so you can kind of see what's going on. That's an issue. I can't click on James or Lisa. So, we need to get rid of that. I think, I think I see what you tried to do there, star class. Yeah, it was green. James and Lisa need to be the ones in the middle, um. And maybe. Yeah, I don't, the, the light coming from that center section is, I don't know, it just needs some work here. Um, it's a much better direction, I think, ultimately, but uh it's not quite what we're going for. I think I, I see what you tried to do to solve a problem, but um it should just be James and Lisa in the middle, that green star needs to not be there. And it shouldn't be star class, it should be system class, right? I think that's the problem that you have there. But there's still this box, so the things are getting cut off on the light. I think that light trail is too defined. It should fade out as it gets bigger, further out in the distance. And then I'm also going to give you another few screenshots from No Man's Sky, just because I think that you might need it. So if I select, if I select a star, or let's say I'm selected on the system. It shows the system, and it shows the stars they're connected to, right? So the, just definitely need to, like, I don't know, it's more immersive in the No Man's Sky. This is very, it looks like you just made the background the clouds rather than kind of making it immersive. So some things to think about, we really need to evaluate on this.